Military Ranks:
private                                                                    # british military
lance-corporal                                                             # british military
corporal                                                                   # british military
sergeant                                                                   # british military
staff sergeant                                                             # british military
warrant officer 2nd class                                                  # british military
warrant officer 1st class                                                  # british military
second lieutenant                                                          # british military
lieutenant                                                                 # british military
captain                                                                    # british military
major                                                                      # british military
lieutenant-colonel                                                         # british military
colonel                                                                    # british military
brigadier                                                                  # british military
major-general                                                              # british military
lieutenant-general                                                         # british military
general                                                                    # british military
field marshall                                                             # british military
ordinary rating                                                            # royal navy
able rating                                                                # royal navy
leading rating                                                             # royal navy
petty officer                                                              # royal navy
chief petty officer                                                        # royal navy
warrant officer                                                            # royal navy
midshipman                                                                 # royal navy
sub-lieutenant                                                             # royal navy
lieutenant                                                                 # royal navy
lieutenant-commander                                                       # royal navy
commander                                                                  # royal navy
captain                                                                    # royal navy
commodore                                                                  # royal navy
rear-admiral                                                               # royal navy
vice-admiral                                                               # royal navy
admiral                                                                    # royal navy
admiral of the fleet                                                       # royal navy
aircraftman                                                                # royal air force
leading aircraftman                                                        # royal air force
corporal                                                                   # royal air force
sergeant                                                                   # royal air force
chief technician                                                           # royal air force
flight sergeant                                                            # royal air force
warrant officer                                                            # royal air force
acting pilot officer                                                       # royal air force
pilot officer                                                              # royal air force
flying officer                                                             # royal air force
flight lieutenant                                                          # royal air force
squadron leader                                                            # royal air force
wing commander                                                             # royal air force
group captain                                                              # royal air force
air commodore                                                              # royal air force
air vice-marshal                                                           # royal air force
air marshal                                                                # royal air force
air chief marshal                                                          # royal air force
marshal of the RAF                                                         # royal air force
entered apprentice                                                         # free masons
fellow craft                                                               # free masons
master mason                                                               # free masons
secret master                                                              # free masons
perfect master                                                             # free masons
intimate secretary                                                         # free masons
provost and judge                                                          # free masons
superintendent of the building                                             # free masons
master elect of nine                                                       # free masons
illustrious master elect of fifteen                                        # free masons
sublime knight chevalier elect                                             # free masons
grand master architect                                                     # free masons
royal arch of enoch                                                        # free masons
scottish knight of perfection                                              # free masons
knight of the sword and of the east                                        # free masons
prince of jerusalem                                                        # free masons
knight of the east and west                                                # free masons
knight of the eagle and pelican and sovereign prince rose croix of heredom # free masons
grand pontiff                                                              # free masons
venerable grand master                                                     # free masons
patriarch noachite prussian chevalier                                      # free masons
prince of libanus royal hatchet                                            # free masons
chief of the tabernacle                                                    # free masons
prince of the tabernacle                                                   # free masons
chevalier of the brazen serpent                                            # free masons
prince of mercy                                                            # free masons
grand commander of the temple                                              # free masons
knight of the sun prince adept                                             # free masons
knight of st andrew                                                        # free masons
grand elected knight kadosh knight of the black and white eagle            # free masons
grand inspector inquisitor commander                                       # free masons
sublime prince of the royal secret                                         # free masons
sovereign grand inspector general                                          # free masons
__source__                                                                 # https://github.com/dariusk/corpora
