private                   # british military
lance-corporal            # british military
corporal                  # british military
sergeant                  # british military
staff sergeant            # british military
warrant officer 2nd class # british military
warrant officer 1st class # british military
second lieutenant         # british military
lieutenant                # british military
captain                   # british military
major                     # british military
lieutenant-colonel        # british military
colonel                   # british military
brigadier                 # british military
major-general             # british military
lieutenant-general        # british military
general                   # british military
field marshall            # british military
ordinary rating           # royal navy
able rating               # royal navy
leading rating            # royal navy
petty officer             # royal navy
chief petty officer       # royal navy
warrant officer           # royal navy
midshipman                # royal navy
sub-lieutenant            # royal navy
lieutenant                # royal navy
lieutenant-commander      # royal navy
commander                 # royal navy
captain                   # royal navy
commodore                 # royal navy
rear-admiral              # royal navy
vice-admiral              # royal navy
admiral                   # royal navy
admiral of the fleet      # royal navy
aircraftman               # royal air force
leading aircraftman       # royal air force
corporal                  # royal air force
sergeant                  # royal air force
chief technician          # royal air force
flight sergeant           # royal air force
warrant officer           # royal air force
acting pilot officer      # royal air force
pilot officer             # royal air force
flying officer            # royal air force
flight lieutenant         # royal air force
squadron leader           # royal air force
wing commander            # royal air force
group captain             # royal air force
air commodore             # royal air force
air vice-marshal          # royal air force
air marshal               # royal air force
air chief marshal         # royal air force
marshal of the RAF        # royal air force
